Why and target date


    1. Why I'm doing this: My age is 55 and no age is limit for gaining knowledge. AI is future and may be we cannot not imagine at what level it would impact our life. I don’t want to be in stone age while whole world is heading towards future. Hence trying to build knowledge base. And if so why not at fullest level that can lead me to new career with future technology flow. 
    2. What "success" looks like for me: For these many years I have been working with Indian stock market. 
        1. What I am really looking for innovative trading ideas executable on trading system with respectable ROI with great risk management specially built for retail investors with help of AI as on going process.
        2. Running my own AI consultancy related to financial markets in India that would take care of all operational, compliance, research analysis, risk management, if possible automated trading for retail investors as well as institutional investor (something innovative than Algos) 
        3. A media network company that has different channels across social media covering fundamental as well as trending topics with complete ethical values, related apps , websites etc..
        4. Not sure on this part but when I am ready ”the field that is most in demand working on it.
    3. My target date for Phase 1 completion: I am completely blank on this part as I have no knowledge of the field hence my own capacity. + My grasping and understanding about subject is yet to be tested the date I am giving is genuinely has no reasoning or background work but just random guess. For phase1 may be (Oct 2026 end) My target date for "job-ready" (Phase 4 complete): again random guess work (Jun 2027 end)
    4. What I'm willing to give up for this:1 to 1 1/2 hours of watching TV. Reducing  social media by 1/2 hour.
    5. If I want to quit, I will reread this first, then: I have no plans to quit what so ever. But if insisted to answer on point a. I would take break 2. Message my mentor requesting to help to overcome situation.
